Add QSR demo (#933)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/gallery/decision_support/3a_qsr_sales_forecasting/index.md

sidebar and a top panel for selecting a *Scenario*, where both panels are present and 
used on every page.
3. Demonstrates a mini version of a real implemented system that uses Taipy to to 
facilitate their sales forecasting.

## Home Page

The landing page which the user is greeted with when the application is launched. The 
dropdown selector on the top panel allows the user to select a scenario to view -- more 
relevant for the later pages. This page also displays a table of already generated 
scenarios.

![Home Page](images/home_page.png){width=70% : .tp-image-border }

## Create Page

The page for creating a new scenario. The user can select the scenario parameters, such 
as the store name, forecast start and end dates and other parameters which may be used by 
the forecasting algorithm. After the selections are made, the user can click the "Submit" 
button to *submit* the scenario for execution, during which a progress bar will indicate 
its progress.

![Create Page](images/scenario_page.png){width=90% : .tp-image-border }

## Data and Forecast Page

The page for viewing the forecasts of the selected scenario, which is selected using the 

> top panel. Includes a line chart comparing the actual and forecasted sales, and a 

Reviewer: I would write 'an histogram' and not 'a histogram'. No?

Author: It is 'a histogram'

---
title: QSR Sales Forecasting
category: decision_support
data-keywords: ai scenario datanode dag configuration
short-description: Perform sales forecasting for a renowned quick service restaurant (QSR) franchise.
img: 3a_qsr_sales_forecasting/images/forecast_page.png
---
This demo is a scaled-down version of a production application using Taipy, which 
performs sales forecasting for a renowned quick service restaurant (QSR) franchise. This 
business problem involves time series forecasting for several core business activities of 
the QSR, such as sales made on drinks or the number of transactions made at the front 
counter.

[Try it live](https://qsr-fcst.taipy.cloud/data){: .tp-btn target='blank' }
[Get it on GitHub](https://github.com/Avaiga/demo-qsr-sales-forecasting-dashboard){: .tp-btn .tp-btn--accent target='blank' }

# Understanding the Application

This application showcases various capabilities of Taipy, including:

> 1. The use of Taipy Core to manage the forecasting process -- encapsulating each forecast 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The use of Taipy Scenario management to handle the forecasting process -- encapsulating each forecast 
```

execution as a *Scenario*, persisting the parameters and results for future reference and 
evaluation.
2. The use of Taipy GUI to easily create a multi-page application, featuring a navigation 
sidebar and a top panel for selecting a *Scenario*, where both panels are present and 
used on every page.

> 3. Demonstrates a mini version of a real implemented system that uses Taipy to to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Demonstrates a mini version of a real implemented system that uses Taipy to 
```
